
Describe the world you come form, (e.g. your family, community, or school). Tell us how your world has shaped your dreams and aspirations. Talk about your future goals, ambitions, life experiences, lessons learned, hopes and dreams. Explain why post secondary education is important to you. This is an opportunity for the scholarship donor to learn about you and who you are. (500 words)

---

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">- Describe the world I come from</mark>
    - I come from a Christian Filipino family who are first generation immigrants to the US from the Philippines
    - Growing up in the era of a maturing world wide web, I was practically raised by the internet
    - I learned through technology and how to use its power from a young age (taking Khan Academy programming courses in 3rd grade)
<mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">- How has my world shaped my dreams and aspirations?</mark>
    - From being constantly immersed in technology, I took a deep interest in the software development process, particularly intrigued by how video games were made
    - My dream job is to be a video game programmer, but I also love contributing to mainstream problems and solving them through software development
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">- What evidence do I have to prove my passion, and what are some goals I have?</mark>
    - After participating in a 48 hour game jam, I realized how much passion I had for game development and coding up a piece of software
    - I want to graduate college with a computer science/software engineering degree, and obtain a job in either game development or software engineering
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">- Why is college important to me?</mark>
    - College is where I can finally take my learning of computer science and software engineering to the next level
    - I would meet a lot of new people who could potentially give me different ways to view the world and discover more about myself
- <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">Conclusion</mark>
    - Most importantly, college would give me the resources and knowledge I need to be able to give back to the internet that raised me; I want to develop and contribute to software that makes the world a better place.

THESIS:
Born into the generation with a heavy reliance on the internet .

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">- Describe the world I come from</mark>
- Coming from a Christian Filipino family, I looked up to my parents who were able to thrive in the US as first generation immigrants. Because of their decision to move to the US, they opened the doors for limitless possibilities in my life. Following in their footsteps, I walked through life exploring everything I could, attempting to create new opportunities for myself. So, when my dad gave me my very first computer, an old Dell laptop, I slowly began to immerse myself more and more into the world of the internet.
<mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">- How has my world shaped my dreams and aspirations?</mark>
- Exploring how different programs function on my computer, I fell a down a rabbit hole of videos and walls of text explaining what code is and how it works. After descending deeper, I emerged a few weeks later with certificate of completion for Khan Academy's introductory computer programming course. Putting my new coding skills to use, I worked on minor projects for the next couple of years. I learned programming languages like Java and C# to create plugins and mods for the games I played. Whenever my code malfunctioned, I hacked away at the issue until I fixed it. It was a consistent cycle of Googling, understanding my error, and modifying my code until it worked properly. 
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">- What evidence do I have to prove my passion, and what are some goals I have?</mark>
- Despite that initial spark occurring almost a decade ago, I am still extremely passionate about programming. Specifically, I've found a special love for game development. Recently I participated in a 48 hour game jam, an event where you make a game around a given theme within a short time frame. After the event, I had built my very first standalone completed project: Pixel Pellets, a fast-paced 2D shooter where your screen resolution decreases each time you're hit. In the future, and throughout college, I plan to participate in more game jams and experiment with building software for real-world use.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">- Why is college important to me?</mark>
- College is where I can finally take my learning of computer science and software engineering to the next level. While I’ve built a strong foundation on my own, I've avoided learning many topics that seemed too complex for me. At college, however, I would feel more comfortable engaging with these subjects through the lens of high quality, yet rigorous courses. Additionally, going to college would open up many opportunities for me to explore different subjects that pique my interest. Beyond academics, I hope to meet many new people and form connections with them. Placing high value on fresh perspectives, I believe that going to college would expand my worldview and cause me to grow and mature as a person.
<mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">Conclusion</mark>
- Most importantly, college would give me the resources and knowledge I need to be able to give back to the internet that raised me; I want to develop and contribute to software that makes the world a better place.

Coming from a Christian Filipino family, I looked up to my parents who were able to thrive in the US as first generation immigrants. Because of their decision to move to the US, they opened the doors for limitless possibilities in my life. Following in their footsteps, I walked through life exploring everything I could, attempting to create new opportunities for myself. So, when my dad gave me my very first computer, an old Dell laptop, I slowly began to immerse myself more and more into the world of the internet. There, I found myself absorbing everything I saw or heard; I learnt about files and how to find my way around a computer. I still remember accessing the "%appdata%" folder for the very first time to install extra content for Minecraft.
Exploring how different programs function on my computer, I fell a down a rabbit hole of videos and walls of text explaining what code is and how it works. After descending deeper, I emerged a few weeks later with certificate of completion for Khan Academy's introductory computer programming course. Putting my new coding skills to use, I worked on minor projects for the next couple of years. I learned programming languages like Java and C# to create plugins and mods for the games I played. Whenever my code malfunctioned, I hacked away at the issue until I fixed it. It was a consistent cycle of Googling, understanding my error, and modifying my code until it worked properly. 
Despite that initial spark occurring almost a decade ago, I am still extremely passionate about programming. Specifically, I've found a special love for game development. Recently I participated in a 48 hour game jam, an event where you make a game around a given theme within a short time frame. After the event, I had built my very first standalone completed project: Pixel Pellets, a fast-paced 2D shooter where your screen resolution decreases each time you're hit. In the future, and throughout college, I plan to participate in more game jams and experiment with building software for real-world use.
College is where I can finally take my learning of computer science and software engineering to the next level. While I’ve built a strong foundation on my own, I've avoided learning many topics that seemed too complex for me. At college, however, I would feel more comfortable engaging with these subjects through the lens of high quality, yet rigorous courses. Additionally, going to college would open up many opportunities for me to explore different subjects that pique my interest. Beyond academics, I hope to meet many new people and form connections with them. Placing high value on fresh perspectives, I believe that going to college would expand my worldview and cause me to grow and mature as a person. Most importantly, college would give me the resources and knowledge I need to be able to give back to the internet that raised me; I want to develop and contribute to software that makes the world a better place.