My parents in in the Philippines for 2 weeks. These 2 weeks are probably the most freedom I'll ever experience before college. There's so much to talk about that I'm going to have to split it into two separate journal entries - one for each week.

4/18
There was a Good Friday evening service at church today and only Julia and Josiah came; we ended up talking until 11. They came with me to drop off Lola, and then we drove around for a bit before settling on the golf course hill by Heritage. Josiah took some really good pictures of Julia and I. I changed the cover of "End Credits." to it (it used to be a picture of the view outside Erin's house). We talked for maybe an hour, and after seeing some other people walking along the path, we decided it was time to leave. We ended up driving for a while, and the conversation got a little freaky. That stuff probably isn't important.

4/19
Around a week before my parents left, they bought me an A5 wagyu steak from Costco. I was planning on eating it the weekend after they bought it, but I forgot and ended up only eating it today. I have never tasted a more flavorful steak in my life. As much as I wanted to finish it whole, my body refused to finish the entire thing for lunch. I would have to eat the rest of it for dinner, which feels like a crime because a steak of that quality needs to be fully consumed fresh. I always thought I would never get the chance to eat this steak until I had a job, so I'm really thankful to my parents for buying it for me.

I was supposed to go to the Miku movie with Kriss, or even Gabbie, Tristan, or Charlize, but none of them were able to see it with me. It was my first time going to the movie theater by myself, and the only reason I did was because it was a limited showing. I must see Miku. The movie was pretty good, I forgot how weird it felt to watch anime in a big theater. It's actually the first anime I've watched in a long time, I can't even remember the last show I watched. I saw a decent amount of cosplayers. I should've asked to take a picture with them. One of them brought a Miku flag and showed it off during the credits concert. I really should've asked to take a picture with them.

Mr. Richardson assigned another take home test, which was very surprising. I guess it's because we ran out of time, but anyway, same ordeal. I took the test with the same people, this time at TeaZenTea. I finished up my MCQ and FRQ 1, and Wisdom and Vanessa finished all of theirs. Wisdom, Julia, and I stayed a bit afterwards to hang out and talk. We just got fries and Wisdom left. Julia and I talked for a bit about random stuff until she needed to be home before her parents. Oh, and they ate all of my Sour Patch Kids. I guess I'll get more some other time.

4/20
Easter Sunday happened to be on 4/20 this year. We were going to go to In-n-Out but they were closed because of Easter. Breanna, Bethany, and I went to Dave's Hot Chicken instead. We actually saw Tita Hilda there, and they had the same situation as us. We ate there for a bit and then I dropped them off at their home. Later that night, Julia texted me to come over to "study" at one of the Friday Bible Study's watch parties. We ended up going out and getting Icee's. I didn't end up finishing mine and just dropped it off at Wisdom's that same night.

4/21
Kyle nominated me for the USC Speak Your Mind Ice Bucket Challenge. It's just the return of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. So, after school, I went and bought pretzels before going to Wisdom's house. Since both of us had to do it, Wisdom did it after I did mine. We didn't use any ice, just hose water from his house. I nominated Chris, Chase, Nathaniel, Kriss, and Julia. It felt nice since it was kind of hot that day.

4/22
Breanna, Bethany, Julia, Kriss, Wisdom and I all went to see the Heritage volleyball rival game against Deer Valley. Julia asked me to bring her McDonalds and a towel since she now had to do the ice bucket challenge. While we were watching the game I was playing Pokémon Silver on my calculator. They ended up absolutely throwing their lead, and the whole game; Deer Valley won. After the game finished we went and dumped Julia in the spare Sports Med ice water. I drove Bethany, Breanna, and Kriss back home. I gave Kriss head scratches while we were parked in her driveway.

4/24
I finally got new shoes after a while of rotating between the same few. I looked around online for a couple days until I settled on a blue/tan variant of the New Balance 9060's. I'm planning on buying good white shoes when I go to Japan too. For now, I found some white Reeboks in my dad's collection that will work fine for now. They ended up shipping around a week and a half after I sent the link to my dad. 
