This entry is dedicated to the second half of my 2 weeks of freedom. I think the experiences in these entries are the most fun I've had this year so far. 

4/25
After our wifi randomly went out, I decided to check out our router settings and found out one of the ethernet cords was giving 10x faster download and upload speeds than mine. It turned out to be connected to my brother's PC. I swapped his cord out with mine. After that, Lola asked me to help her clean out the backyard, so I pulled out all of the weeds that have been growing since the last time I pulled them out last year. It looks a lot cleaner now.

4/26
Today started off with medicine, food, and gambling. I had to run a lot of chores with my Lola in the morning, so we went to Walgreens to pick up her medicine. Surprisingly, there was no line, so we went to In-N-Out to pick up my food, and Jollibee for hers. Then, for some reason, she decided she wanted to buy scratch offs, so we went to the gas station right by our house.

We were supposed to see Nathaniel's play at 3pm today, but Wisdom texted me around noon that he couldn't go; he had to bring his dad home from the airport apparently. Luckily, there was a 7pm showing, so we decided we'd just go then. Yesterday, I texted Yzi randomly asking if she would do the ice bucket challenge if I nominated her. Since I wasn't doing anything until 7pm, I asked her if I should come over. She said sure. So, without my parents knowing, I drove 30 minutes all the way to Mountain House. I really enjoyed driving and listening to old playlists. When I got there though, she texted me she got grounded for going out so much. She said she'd try to figure it out so I took a small walk around the town. Eventually she got permission so I walked back and picked her up in my car. I highly doubt she remembers, but around a year and a half ago when I first met her, I told her the first time I'd ever have boba was with her. Today I fulfilled that promise. After a few troubles with directions and parking, we made our way to the boba shop by her high school. She bought me a cookies and cream shake with boba as an apology for almost not being able to hangout, and we walked around her high school for a bit. Some time later her parents called her telling her to come home, so we just chilled at her house. She taught me a new card game (that I unfortunately don't remember the name of) where you build "houses" consisting of straights or 3oak/4oak. After a few games, we switched to Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes, (which is actually my first time playing the real game and not the Roblox version). I think we only finished around 4 bombs until it was 6pm and I had to leave.

It was around 6:40pm that I picked up Wisdom to head to Nathaniel's theater show. When we parked outside of Berean, it was 7:15pm, which was just a couple minutes after the show was supposed to start. As we walked in, there was nobody at the ticket counter, so we opened the door to a pitch black gym and a spotlight on the theater set. As I waited for my eyes to adjust, we stood near the exit and listened to the beginning of the play. Once we could see, we quietly walked over to the left side of the gym, and found empty seats on the bleachers in the corner. Nathaniel recommended that I bring a pillow to sit on instead of the bleachers, but I ended up barely using it. Wisdom and I finished the boba and snacked on my Sour Patch Kids until the first act was over. During the intermission, we saw Timmy and Mrs. Cuddighy of all people. We browsed the art gallery of all the students' work (while I held a huge pillow between my arms) and then upgraded our seats to sit at the top of the bleachers instead of the bottom. The rest of the play was really good, and afterwards we got to talk to Nathaniel and his family (Robbie was there too). When we were done, Wisdom and I decided to get McDonalds on our way home. We tried getting food inside, but I got my food late because they couldn't figure out who my order was for. It was under my Gmail name, Pikablu127. After a couple minutes of waiting and finally admitting that I was indeed Pikablu127, one of the workers teased/complimented me for it and told me to never change it. I still have not changed it, but I really, really should. Today was the second 9/10 day of the entire year.

4/27
Today I had an online recital where I submitted my recording of Clair de Lune. Even after throwing over 50 attempts at this piece, I still have not made a recording I consider good enough (no missed notes). I was supposed to get a good enough recording for this recital and to post on my Instagram, but I couldn't do it in time. I really thought that this recital would finally push me to make a good recording after having this piece memorized for months now, but I guess not. During the recital I just played Balatro while listening to all the pieces. On the bright side, Ms. Thompson told us that she would be back in California next week, so I can have an in person lesson. I think that day will for sure be the last time I ever see her in person (unless she comes back in the summer for some reason). 

4/29
After LMC English, Kyle and I decided to get some In-N-Out. The burger and fries they gave us were a lot hotter than I remember, which was nice because it means it was probably fresh. After I went home, I left again around 6pm to go to Karlo's senior night. The only people I recognized there were Aidan B. and his girlfriend. I ended up doing some of my physics homework and getting to the Elite 4 on my calculator. I did the walk out with him and took home a stick with a picture of his face on it.

5/2
Wisdom's dad was sponsoring a pickleball tournament in Discovery Bay, so Wisdom asked me to come help him buy 20 packs of Costco water, the kind Mom and Dad buy for us. We used long carts and were somehow able to fit it all in his car. After Youth that night, we all went to EJ's house. We played pool for a while and he showed off his prom suit. Wisdom and I helped him take a few pictures and a very serious inspirational video. Before we left, we got a small room tour of his bedroom, and it was actually quite nice. Everyone left soon after, leaving just Julia and I, so we went to In-N-Out (I'm beginning to notice a pattern). In-N-Out was surprisingly full, I assume most of which were from the video showcase and some school's prom night. We saw Kriss there, and Julia and I both ate burgers before going home.

5/3
I was supposed to dump ice water on Yzi today, but she's still grounded. She told me that we could still hangout, but it'd only be for a short while at her club meet. She's hosting a band showcase on the same day Julia is doing her songwriters' showcase. So, again, I drove all the way out to Mountain House and this time entered their high school. Yzi let me try her drink (I can't remember the name of it, it was something green tea I think) and we chilled as other members joined. I recorded a single impromptu take of Clair de Lune on their Yamaha piano, which felt really nice to play on. I started hanging around some of the club members and all of them were fun to talk to. As they started practice, I explored a bit of the surrounding area and rooms. I got to see the behind the scenes of their theater and even their set construction room. Yzi and I played Structure for fun as well. But, since she only had access to the theater until 2pm, we couldn't get through everyone, and had to end it early. I helped her pack up the drums into her brother's car, and I left Mountain House.

The tournament Wisdom's dad was sponsoring was today, so I decided to drive to Discovery Bay instead of heading home early. Wisdom, Mo, Bethany, and Julia were there, and I played a couple games of pickleball with just them. In the middle of our game, though, Wisdom got an angry text from his mom. She was demanding that he needed to go home and study and blamed his whole family for leaving her alone at the house. So, after waiting a while to see if things would calm down, Wisdom decided it was best if he just went home. He wanted to get food before he left, so we all joined him at McDonalds. I ordered their chicken strips, a returning item that Kuya and I always used to get when we were kids. They were pretty good, but after that meal we didn't decide to do anything else, so I went home.

Today was the last day of freedom I had before my parents come home on Sunday. It was a lot of fun being able to go out wherever and whenever I wanted. I'm hoping that college is a lot more of the same, except with a decent bit more studying in the downtime. Anyways, I'm super happy I got to reconnect with Yzi again, and that I was even able to drive to Mountain House in the first place. Come to think of it, I think Mountain House is the furthest place I've ever driven alone. My parents don't need to know that.