 I have a girlfriend now. Her name is Giselle. A part of me still doesn't think this is real, but I guess it is. I'm going to do this entry a bit out of order. Some of the stuff said here might have happened before or after the other events I'll talk about later. This big paragraph is just to explain the timeline of it all, leading up to today. I'm writing this on my brother and I's flight to Japan. 

I guess for me, it starts with a dream sometime around the last week of May. I had a dream that we were watching a movie, and she fell asleep on my shoulder, and eventually onto my lap. I don't remember what movie it was, but I do remember running my fingers through her hair. For the next week the dream never left my head. I wasn't sure if my brain was trying to tell me that I like her more than a friend. I think that dream happened before senior awards night. She looked pretty that night. More evidence to the "more than friends" pile. B actually told me later that night (or maybe it was the next day?) that both them and Giselle thought I looked hot. That made the dream even harder to forget. We had talked for a bit by ourselves at school but not enough for me to think that she liked as more than a friend. When the church friend group came over for our first swim hangout of the summer (seasonal summer, not school summer), I was talked to Kriss and Breanna about the dream I had. Kriss told me later of her way of deciding on if it's a crush or not. If the answer is yes to both "Can you imagine yourself kissing them?" and "Can you imagine yourself having sex with them?" then it's a crush. Guess what the answers to both were. Well shoot. I planned on just cruising through the rest of the school year without getting any crushes out of fear I'd hurt myself or even another person, but I guess life doesn't always go how you plan it. I really enjoyed spending senior sunrise with her and B. I think that was when I started accepting my feelings. June 4 hit me like a truck. It started with me replying to her story about her grad cap. I actually think I was in the middle of a Deadlock game with Wisdom at the time. We talked for a couple hours and, at around 1am, we both found out we liked each other. The next day we hung out at Orchard Park, a park we would be getting very familiar in the coming days, not for the park or scenery, but for the quietness. We ended the hangout in my car parked by the curb after getting up to very normal activities. Grad practice was scheduled to be later that evening, so we had to stop early. We started texting a lot after that. At B's birthday party we got pretty close and it felt like a dream being able to cuddle up next to her on the couch while everyone just talked. We were supposed to summit Mt. Diablo on the 13th, but B got sick. We ended up just hanging out - me, Giselle, B, and Matthew - around Brentwood. We were supposed to meet up at Creekside Park around noon, but Giselle and I wanted some... alone time together. I picked her up at 11am and we stayed at Orchard Park. In my car, I asked her to officially be my girlfriend. We proceeded to do the usual couple stuff ! Wanting more time, I texted the group chat saying we were running late and that I still needed to pickup Giselle. What Giselle forgot, was that they both had each other's location. B put two and two together pretty fast and when they confronted us at the park I got pretty embarrassed - whatever. I posed a soft launch later that day on my spam. A couple pictures of us together and a "<3" for good measure. I got some pretty funny reactions from my friends. What I now had to deal with was how I'd tell Mom and Dad. I was pretty worried how they'd react, but I decided to just bite the bullet and tell them that night during dinner. It wasn't as bad as I thought. It was mostly just an "oh okay" from them, and a flinch from Mom when I told her she was atheist. The next day was my grad party. I introduced her to my friends, and to Lola. We talked a lot in the hot tub cuddled up next to each other. When we eventually left the pool to move inside, I went upstairs to shower for a while. Apparently, while I was gone, Julia was able to get EVERYTHING out of her - even the car. We talked for a bit while I played Clair de Lune with her sitting on the bench with me. It was getting late, though, so around 10pm Giselle took B home and left. Later that night - when it was just Julia, Kriss and I - I tried asking for what specifically Giselle had said. They just dapped me up. So they did find out about everything ! Oh well. I think my reputation went up? Or at least that's what Giselle tells me. I started a Minecraft server for us and actually had one of the luckiest starts I think I've ever had. She ended up randomly finding the stronghold by herself right after we decided to settle on a mountain nearby. At the time of writing this, we're all ready to fight the dragon but are choosing to finish the house first. I also gifted her Stardew Valley as an early birthday present. Her birthday is on the 19th, or in 2 hours as of time of writing. The plane has internet, but I'm not gonna be able to be the first to text her happy birthday because of how inconsistent the connection is. Anyways, the latest hangout we had was for her birthday. Since I would be in Japan on her birthday, we were going to visit an art museum on the 17th. Again, we were gonna hang out alone for an hour earlier before picking up everyone else, but she had a really rough morning. First she had an argument with her dad that caused her to be 30 minutes late to when she was supposed to pick me up. Then, we got into a car crash. Turning left out of my neighborhood at the 4-way stop sign, she turned into the wrong lane and swerved into the curb and completely knocked over the stop sign. We just ran off. Checking the damage at Orchard Park, it was pretty much already almost time to go pick them up. She called her brother, and then her Mom, and we drove over to her house so they could see the damage. It actually wasn't that bad. It's not like the car was ruined or anything. The parts that did get damaged were "purely cosmetic" in the eyes of her mom. Her mom actually laughed it off and tried consoling her. I wonder if she's caught on that we're dating. Because of my time constraint, and the fact that the art museum was closed that day, we decided to go to Berkeley. We'd have Matthew pick us up at Giselle's house and drive over to take BART. Matthew and B took... a while to get to her house, so we spent some alone time in her room. Anyways ! after getting into their car, we initially did not tell them how Giselle crashed, but they eventually got it out of us on the BART ride to Berkeley. We took a bunch of pictures together and finally did a double hard launch on our mains. That was yesterday. The story is still viewable on my profile as I'm writing this entry. Now we're all caught up.

Anyways, I think I left off on day 3 of finals. I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, our boat was absolutely trash. We were doing final patch-ups while the other teams were walking their boats to the pool. It was way too long, way too thin on the walls, and way too flimsy. I wasn't even sure it was gonna float. Yet, by some miracle, we survived the longest out of anyone. Seafood City triumphed. We even won a titanic award for our efforts. In Amara's words, not mine, we were the "Whoriest Team," which I will gladly take as a compliment. Oh, and someone apparently found bread in a bag in a dumpster (supposedly?) It tasted just fine. I ate a good portion of that bread.

I didn't get put in the same graduation row as all of my friends. Which is stupid, because Mr. Lim submitted his requests way back in April. I'm pretty sure it's because Wisdom ended up having a walking partner so I got booted off into the sea of people without walking partners and got put in a random row. They put me with the ROTC kids. It made graduation practice so much more boring. Graduation itself was pretty okay. It was more surreal than anything. No more high school, ever. I ended up chasing around some people for pictures. I got one with Mr. Lim, but I couldn't find Mrs. Macedo in time before she left. I really wish I got a picture with her. Giselle and I took a photo together and it's still my contact photo for her.

One day, on the last week of school, I was playing REPO with Wisdom and Chase; Wisdom then FaceTimes me to show Ethan, in person, on the other end. He's staying in California for a week. This was a surprise to everyone except Jackson and Julia, who I'm pretty sure helped organize this whole thing. Anyways, after graduation, we made plans to visit San Francisco, since I couldn't go last time. Asian Nathan drove us there, and while we were on our way, Ethan was getting absolutely cooked by his ex, Nevaeh. I was reenacting texts in real-time for the entire car to listen in on. When we arrived, we went to a few thrift stores before splitting up. Asian Nathan and Ethan went to go get tattoos, and the rest of us went to a dumpling place for food. I think we walked like 2 miles because it took us around 50 minutes or so just to get there. I ordered a spicy brisket soup bowl and it was actually really good. After a smooth drive-by pickup, we headed towards the Golden Gate Bridge, but then went on a small detour to a farm. We found a horse, and then Ethan climbed a tall hill and took photos. After driving to the top of a different mountain, we found an area that was still under renovation. So, like normal teenagers, we hopped the fence and took pictures in the area. I actually really like the pictures that we took up there. I'm considering editing one of those photos to be a new Instagram profile picture. Dad ended up picking me up at Nathan's house and we got McDonald's and cookies on our way home. 

I spent all of the Disney trip with Nathan. Wisdom rode on Julia's bus and was out with her the entire day; the first time he actually talked to us was around 1-2am when we were leaving the park. Kyle never finished his payments, so he didn't go. I got to know Nathan a lot more that day. I used the same question list that Ethan used on Jackson and I. I told him about the situation with Giselle too. I bought 4 churros, and we ate lunch in Sanfransokyo. When we were eating dinner, Nathan went to go give his ex some medicine for her headache. I was told by Giselle that she's pretty two-faced. I wonder if I'm missing some context or if Nathan is just too attached to let go. His mom drove me home in the morning. It was a pretty good trip.

Karlo's

karlo grad
grad party
crash berkeley

highschool