
AP exams are finally over. I never have to take a national standardized test ever again. I don't even wanna know how much money I've forked over to Collegeboard throughout all of high school. On the bright side, it's all finally over. No more high school work for the rest of my life.

I guess I'll talk about the AP tests first. Statistics was my first test, and there was a surprising amount of people taking the exam. I knew a good portion of everyone there, so it was fun seeing and talking to people during the breaks. The test itself wasn't too hard, I was relearning some of the information on the test as it went on. The FRQ was also pretty good. They kept hyping up the elusive "investigative task" in our review sessions so I was a little bit anxious as to how hard it would be. It ended up being a wall of text that simply asked you to apply a formula and extrapolate its meaning in a real world context. Predicting a 5. After the test, I took Wisdom and Julia to McDonalds. Since the gate was locked and I was the only one with a town pass out, I had to cram Julia and Wisdom into the trunk of Julia's car while driving there. I drove out of the parking lot using Julia's car, and after flashing my town pass to the guard, I successfully smuggled them out. Julia and Wisdom had a government test that same day, so they had to go back to school. I decided to just go home, but when I got to the parking lot, the gate was closed and there was no guard to let us through. I ran into Vanessa there and we kinda just waited until someone came to let us through.

Environmental Science was not that bad. I sat next to EJ in the very far right corner of the upper gym, and while everyone was getting set up, I was playing Minecraft. I made it my goal to try and find diamonds before we had to get started. I ended up branch mining for 20 minutes before finding my first couple diamonds. The test wasn't very difficult at all, I did forget a few details on my FRQ, but I think it went okay. I'm expecting a 5 but wouldn't be surprised if I got a 4.

I then waited a week, because Physics 1 was my final AP on the final day of AP testing. I was pretty stressed out the night before. I didn't get the sleep schedule I wanted and ended up staying up a little later than I would've liked. I was pretty nervous on test day. Since there were only 2 periods taking the test, each person got a whole table to themselves. Starting the test, I thought the first few questions weren't that bad. I was aiming for a 3, so it was okay to guess on a few. I ended up finishing with enough time to check some difficult questions. After a short break, we moved onto the FRQ section. I genuinely think I did really good on this section. I completed every part with answers I was decently satisfied with. After the test, I called Nathaniel and talked to him about the test while we both drove home. We also played Balatro for the first time in a while.

Prom was more fun than I was expecting. My parents drove me out to San Jose and dropped me off at the hotel we were staying at. I'm really thankful we were able to stay the night because we barely had a functioning plan until the week before. Anyways, I changed into my suit in the bathroom, and we walked around the area waiting for prom to start. Kyle took a couple pictures of me in my purple suit before we went out. We went to the outskirts of SJSU and found a burger place that was extremely cheap, and I even got a burger for free. Wisdom somehow forgot his wallet so Nathan, Kyle, and I went inside without him. Jackson got pulled away by his girlfriend. We wandered around a bit, exploring what the venue had to offer. Since it was a tech museum, there was actually quite a bit to do at the exhibits. After a while, Wisdom went to go hang out with Julia and her friend group, and Nathan was going around with Jackson to keep him company (I still genuinely believe he just hates his girlfriend). I remember talking to Giselle and B before prom and found out they were going, so I brought Kyle with me to go find them. After I did find them, we took a few pictures and I made it my goal to try and take as many pictures as possible with my friends. Since we brought Giselle and B along with us, Giselle offered to take all of the photos of my friends and I. I took a lot and got almost everyone that I wanted to. It was mainly just us 4 hanging out the entire night, and we even took a group photo together that got printed out. I ended up losing mine though. Near the end of the night on the balcony, a huge crowd of maybe 20+ people randomly formed and without a photographer, I stepped up to take the photo. They were all super energetic and loud but in a fun and loving way. A lot of them who didn't even know me thanked me for taking their picture. Jackson and Nathan left early, so after staying until 11, us 4 left prom and Kyle and I went back to the hotel. After Wisdom came back, we found his wallet, and decided to walk out to a gas station nearby. We bought a few snacks, I got chips since I didn't eat at prom. On our way back, though, we ran into a taco truck and they decided to order food. We must have been waiting for over 40 minutes because the food took way too long to get to us. Oh, and Nathan mispronounced pollo and now we make fun of him for it.

The day after prom, we went to the big outlet mall in San Jose, Westfield Valley Fair. We were initially going to go to kbbq but after seeing the prices, we just went to a burger place instead. After eating there, we looked around different stores until we stumbled into the Uniqlo there. I think everyone bought something while we were there. Wisdom and I bought the same black bag which goes really well with a lot of the streetwear/techwear outfits that I want to lean into. I think Nathan bought a hoodie and Jackson got a couple shirts for summer. After we all got tired walking around, Nathan drove us to Santa Cruz, where we hungout at the boardwalk for a while. We went on the biggest ride there and then stayed by the beach. I played volleyball with Kyle and some others. During one of our games, though, the volleyball hit my wrist and broke my bracelet. Beads went everywhere, and I ended up burying the few beads I was able to collect as a grave. I'm honestly okay that it broke. I guess it's fitting that what was given to me in high school stays in high school.

I couldn't stay for as long as most people were staying. I got picked up around midday the day after prom at the Boardwalk. Since I didn't bring all of my stuff to the beach, I had to run back to the hotel to pick it up and then run back to where Mom and Dad parked. I told them about how we didn't end up eating at kbbq, and to my surprise, when I woke up an hour later, we were at a kbbq place. I don't give my parents enough credit for how much they spoil me sometimes. When I got home and finished unpacking, I ended up calling Yzi for a while. I setup a cobblemon MInecraft server for us to play on, and we played until 2am that night. I forgot how fun it is to be around her. It really has been a while since we've had a long call like that.

After prom, school returned again, but this time - the days stopped being so dull. Since 3/4 of my classes were AP, and exams were now over, most of my classes were just me hanging out with my friends. Lola ended up getting sick for a whole week, so Dad town-passed me out every day that week to go get lunch outside. I actually ended up beating the Pokemon Silver in the drive-thru of In-N-Out. It was just the halfway point, though. I still need to get through all of Kanto and beat Red. I also hung out with Kriss for a bit after one of the days I left school early. AP Stats turned into a period to play Switch games in. I played Balatro in class, getting up to ante 11 on white stake. We played a lot of Smash, and I played Overcooked with Wisdom, Julia, and Vanessa. I brought my laptop to play Overcooked for Ariana and Eliana too.

During my time in the TA room, I'd spend a lot of time with Giselle and B. It came up occasionally, but we finally started planning a trip to Mount Diablo. We made a whole group chat, and planned to summit sometime soon after graduation. I also got to play with Matthew and Gabbie again. We learned Signal Dreams by Small Crush, and Matthew had the idea of performing at grad parties. I think the only one we'd actually be able to pull off is my own, though. Senior sunset came around much faster than I expected. As usual, Wisdom ditched us to hangout with Julia and her friend group. The only time I ever really talked to him was to get him for a couple pictures with our friend group. I knew Giselle and B were gonna be there, so I tried splitting my time evenly between the two groups. It started to hit me how little time I had left with these people. Besides graduation, this is probably the last time I'm going to see all of our class together again. That's a bittersweet thought.

I finally finished my grad cap, and it turned out a lot better than I was expecting. I bought paper flowers from Michaels and glitter from an arts & crafts store that I can't remember the name of. I brought a knife to school to cutout all the cardstock for the end portal and eyes of ender. Thankfully, Wisdom's dad has spare cardstock because otherwise I would've had to buy a big package of cardstock for like $20. I glued it all together in one day, and I'm really proud of how it turned out. I even put my Minecraft username on it.

They took way, way, way too long to deliver our yearbooks. We got them after our first day of finals. If you didn't take the time to hunt out those people in your first 2 periods, you just wouldn't ever see them ever again or get their signature. Luckily, there weren't that many people from my first and second periods that I needed to hunt, but it was still pretty annoying. Every day of finals, for patriot plus I would sign out to go work on the TA desk. I'd chat with B while I drew or moved things around. On the second day of finals, I called it complete. It's so crazy that this desk is all filled out. The desk used to be completely empty and filled with papers back when I first started this project back in December. It's become a mural of all of my childhood interests and fixations over the years. I love each and every drawing, every contribution, every doodle on this table. It's starting to hit me that my childhood is ending. I think I'll dive more into those thoughts in my next entry, though. This one is already too long.